[BEAM-13016] Remove avro-python3 dependency from Beam (#15900)
apache/beam: CHANGES.md

* Upgraded the GCP Libraries BOM version to 24.0.0 and associated dependencies ([BEAM-11205](
  https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/BEAM-11205)). For Google Cloud client library versions set by this BOM,
  see [this table](https://storage.googleapis.com/cloud-opensource-java-dashboard/com.google.cloud/libraries-bom/24.0.0/artifact_details.html).

> * Removed avro-python3 support and made Fastavro as default. Boolean use_fastavro will have no effect.([BEAM-13016](https://github.com/apache/beam/pull/15900)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed avro-python3 dependency in AvroIO. Fastavro has already been our Avro library of choice on Python 3. Boolean use_fastavro is left for api compatibility, but will have no effect.([BEAM-13016](https://github.com/apache/beam/pull/15900)).
```
